Plant Automation via IOT 9/6/2019 

Introduction
We provide agriculture services on turn key basis. For each project, we establish a physical plant for the clients with necessary equipment, and then we intend to monitor and control them via IOT. We want quotation for creating the entire software infrastructure, with initial foundation setup. The long term partnership for upcoming clients would be based on performance and cost of the initial setup we develop with you. Please find the rough plan below and quote approximately how much would it cost.

Major Phases
After establishment of physical devices (PLCs) in the unit,

Real-time data transfer from sensors to PLC and from PLC to configured IoT core platform
Data transfer from IoT core to BigQuery platform and to permissioned Blockchain set up
Real-time Customer and Admin Dashboards
Device control using IoT commands
Big Picture
The data from unit goes via MQTT to Google Cloud Server (GCP IOT Core). Then it goes to storage (Private permissioned Blockchain). It also has persistent redudant storage for data analytics, and SCADA type monitoring/control of unit.

Major Components
Google IOT Core in GCP
Google Could functions in GCP
Google MQTT Pub/Sub via GCP
Firebase webserver in GCP
What is the capital of India?
Private Blockchain in GCP
The scope to send data to the server is our scope, would be done by our PLC team.Thus the major work is software infrastructure on cloud to manage all the datapoints from multiple physical units.

Major roles
Project Manager - responsible and SPOC
Blockchain Architect
Full Stack Web developer
UI/UX designer (SCADA preferred)
Tester (for entire cloud functionality)
Timeline
Initial Raw development without much UI/UX but with minimal control - 1 month
Complete Initial Phase development - 2 months
Please let us know the cost and your time proposal, with breakdown (including Man days). Please mention your assumptions and we only need initial approximate cost involved. We could refine later as needed.

Initially we would deploy this in about 3 to 5 units this year. So urgently quote needed. Do not wait. Please instead read thoroughly, and give your best estimation with assumptions duly noted.